[Clang] Support initializing structured bindings from an array with direct-list-initialization (#102581)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  template depth than the friend function template. (#GH98258)
- Clang now rebuilds the template parameters of out-of-line declarations and specializations in the context
  of the current instantiation in all cases.

> - Clang now correctly handle initializing array-typed structured bindings with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now correctly handle direct-list-initialization of a structured bindings from an array
```
